doc: Add bootup sequence (#256)
nrfconnect/ncs-serial-modem: doc/uart_configuration.rst

   Sequence diagram showing host-initiated wake-up of the modem

Boot-up scenario
================

To boot-up the |SM| application, the host asserts **ENABLE**, **DTR**, and enables its UART (driving |SM| **CTS** low).

> The |SM| firmware initialises within approximately 500 ms, after which it activates its UART and asserts **RTS** to signal readiness.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The |SM| firmware initializes within approximately 500 ms, after which it activates its UART and asserts **RTS** to signal readiness.
```

|SM| then transmits a ``"Ready"`` message on **TX**, confirming that the link is operational.

.. figure:: images/boot-up-sequence.svg
   :alt: Boot-up sequence diagram

   Signal sequence during boot-up

> The **ENABLE** pin (pin 10 on the nRF9151 SiP) is a high-impedance control input for the nRF9151 internal power management unit (PMU).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **ENABLE** pin (pin **10** on the nRF9151 SiP) is a high-impedance control input for the nRF9151 internal power management unit (PMU).
```

Driving it to a logic high powers on the SiP.

> After ENABLE goes high, the |SM| application firmware typically starts within approximately 500 ms.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After **ENABLE** goes high, the |SM| application firmware typically starts within approximately 500 ms.
```

Driving it to a logic low brings the device into an extremely low-current state.

> All internal state not stored in non-volatile memory is lost and a full boot-up sequence is required when ENABLE is reasserted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Any internal state not retained in non‑volatile memory is lost, and a full boot-up sequence is required when **ENABLE** is reasserted.
```

* The host must enable its own UART before asserting DTR.
* To detect when |SM| is ready to receive, monitor the RI signal (de-asserted when ready) or use a sufficient timeout after DTR assertion.
* See `Incoming data wake-up`_ for detailed timing information.

> * In boot-up scenarios, the host must wait for the "Ready" message from |SM| before sending any data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* In boot-up scenarios, the host must wait for the ``"Ready"`` message from |SM| before sending any data.
```
